	CSC 210 : MILESTONE 1
Team Members: Manan Hora, Nina Bose
Due Date: Tuesday, October 20th, 2015

1. What is the proposed name for your Web application? (Make your GitHub repository name similar to your project name.)
	StudyRooms

2. Who is the target audience for your Web application?
	To begin with, our target audience is the undergraduate students of the University of Rochester. Later, we hope to expand to other college students as well. 

3. What problem is it intended to solve for that audience?
	Although currently, students at the University of Rochester have information regarding the official prerequisites required for a course, and various resources such as RateMyProfessor.com to try to identify whether a professor’s teaching style matches the student’s learning style, students often find themselves signing up for a class with little concrete knowledge of the inner workings of class. We hope to fix this problem by creating a website that provides more detailed information regarding a class from the students’ perspectives. We also aspire to create a platform that will allow students to easily interact with their peers who are taking the same classes. We believe that this will create a more open and active academic community within the University of Rochester.    

4. How will it meet the minimum project requirements?
	Create: A student, who must be affiliated with the University of Rochester, must create an account to be active participants of this application. 
	Read: The student will be able to view other students’ schedules if the other students allow it and comments that other students have made regarding a class. Similarly, they may view other students who are enrolled within a certain class if the other students allow it, in order to form study groups.
	Update: The student may make comments regarding classes at the University of Rochester given certain criteria (see below) and also update his/her privacy settings.  The student can also update their profile- courses, TA position(s) (If any) etc
	Delete: The student may deactivate/delete his or her account at any time.

5. Why is your proposed Web application unique or creative beyond simply meeting the minimum requirements?
	As can be seen from above, the project we are proposing meets the minimum requirements. However, we also plan to add the following features:

Assessing classes*
Students will be allowed to comment on the inner workings of a class. However, there will be formal criteria they can write about including the following:
Student suggested prerequisites: What classes the students think are necessary to complete before taking this class. 
Students’ views of a professor’s teaching style: Whether he/she uses slides, posts those slides, the structure of the class (whether there are mandatory workshops, etc.)
Student perceived course difficulty level
Student perceived time commitment

Connect with peers
Students will be able to connect with other students who are in the same class. If Student A sets his/her information on public, other students in the class may see that Student A is a part of the class. This allows the students to quickly find out who is in their classes.
Along the same line, students may create study groups with other students who are in the class.
Students in a study group in this application may interact with each other via real-time chat.
If Student A sets his/her information on public, other students may view his/her schedule, thus promoting easy sharing of schedules. 
*Note: In our implementation, we will not screen for inappropriate content. Perhaps we will in a future implementation of the project, or if we finish our other goals early.
